#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.16
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
arrow==1.3.0
    # via scholarly
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   outcome
    #   trio
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via scholarly
bibtexparser==1.4.3
    # via scholarly
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via scholarly
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
fake-useragent==2.1.0
    # via scholarly
free-proxy==1.1.3
    # via scholarly
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   playwright
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   scholarly
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via sphinx
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.21
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-ollama==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langchainhub==0.1.21
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph==0.3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.24
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.8
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.61
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.28
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.3.2
    # via free-proxy
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.4.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.2.4
    # via langchain-community
ollama==0.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-ollama
orjson==3.10.16
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.9.1
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchainhub
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   sphinx
playwright==1.51.0
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via langchain-community
pyee==12.1.1
    # via playwright
pygments==2.19.1
    # via sphinx
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via bibtexparser
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   urllib3
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via arrow
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   scholarly
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   free-proxy
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchainhub
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   scholarly
    #   sphinx
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
scholarly==1.7.11
    # via -r requirements.in
selenium==4.31.0
    # via scholarly
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   trio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via scholarly
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
trio==0.29.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
types-requests==2.32.0.20250328
    # via langchainhub
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   scholarly
    #   selenium
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
urllib3[socks]==2.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   types-requests
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.19.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
